You're right.
You trash really should be burned
Dare to dominate
I was Miss Long protecting you last time
I'll see who protects you this time
This time, even Long Wan can't protect your grandma
Please let Lu Yu go
i
I am willing to marry into the wealthy family that the Sun family has offended
He's courting death
Mr. Xiong, please let Lu Ming go
Please.
Please don't let me quit
He can't do anything to me
You shut up
What do you want?
Do you want to get everyone killed?
Can't help it
Last time, it was to see Miss Long's face
Not you trash
Ladies and gentlemen, my Zhao family recommends that this person be thoroughly allocated
Wave, wave, wave.
Humph burn me
I advise you to go home early
Maybe I can meet my family again
here.
We can only meet under the Netherworld, hahahaha.
Who dares to touch me in Jiangcheng? The Zhao family is you trash?
It's better than a dog from our Zhao family
The garrison handles the case
Idle people, etc. Retreat
Hey, are you there, Zhao Wenlong?
You Tongling of the Nine Armies, you dare to curse me
What did Brother Wang Tongzhao do?
Give me face and let him go
Mr. Zhu disturbed the assets of Zhao Jiaqing villagers
Ordered to remove 700 people from the Zhao family
All in jail
Only he is missing Zhao Wenrong
The court verdict has been issued
Zhao Family Youth Assets
financial crime
Those who do not accept the cause of reverence
Several crimes and punishment for defectors